High in this video that see a concrete illustration for multi-layer and out of network.
So far we have been discussing that we have just an input layer and an output layer.
Here we have a hidden layer as well.
So of course the feedforward now our network is the same in the sense that the edges are pointing in
the direction of the next layer.
There is no patch pointing back over.
OK.
And it was very important that usually we have a so called bias.
Now we're on.
So we always need a bias.
We don't well you warn we are not able to change the well-you and the activation of these now runs.
Of course the educates pointing from this bias Snoad can be altered of course so it can be changed and
we have a bias node pointing for the hidden layer and a bias Snoad pointing for the output layer.
There is no bias nor Poynting for the input layer.
And why is it good.
Because sometimes you want to get known zero out Buddh even if the inputs are all zeros.
So basically we can shift the activation function whereby as units we have been talking about that if
the x is 0 and 1 is 0 if we do not have a bias unit the output will be zero.
No matter what educates are present in the network.
And this is why this bias now Ron is good even if the inputs are all zeros the output can be different
from zero.
So we can shift the activation function with the abayas unit.
OK so we initialize the weights at random and we assign a double well to every single away international
network for example wanted to 1.5 to 1 a minus to that 5 and so on.
So we generate random values for the educators and you may pose the question at OK how are we able to
compute the values and the activations for the hidden layer and our own.
And for the output.
And basically it is the same.
We have to sum up the nowon well use multiply by the educates accordingly.
So for example for the A We have to take a look at OK what are the incoming edges.
There's a need come in get from me here so one time so on plus there's an incoming Gach from the X..
So the activation of the X node times the adulate Plus we had an incoming ad from the Y NO.
So the well you for the why not times the edge weight coming from the Whino.
And for example if we have the input 1 and 0 than the sum on a disk.
Now Rogne will be a one time zone.
This is the first term plus one times two.
This is the second term plus zero times 0.5.
It's equal to 3.
Of course we have to use activation functions again to calculate the activation level of the Netherlands.
It yields better to get on our own to be a failure or not.
In this case we use the step function.
So if they're given the sum is greater than zero it's going to have their value plus one anyways minus
one.
So we use this stat function as you can see if the input is greater than zero.
It's cross-wind if the input X is smaller than 0 it has the value minus one.
OK so because stree is greater than zero it will have the value plus 1.
So a is equal to arm.
What about the Node B.
Again we have to take a look at what are the incoming edges we have from the bias snow from the X and
from the Y.
So one times two is the first term then one times one is the second term than is 0 times 2 is the search
term.
It's equal to three.
We apply the activation function.
Three is greater than zero.
So it's going to be plus one again.
What about C we have to take a look at what are the incoming edges.
And we come to the conclusion that we have to sum them up one times 1.5 or stern one times minus two
or five second term zero times one is the search term.
It's equal to minus one minus one is smaller than zero.
So the step function will return minus one.
What about the old boot node.
We have to take a look.
What are the incoming edges.
And we come to the conclusion that we have to apply one time on first term plus one times one second
plus one times to search term and the last term is minus one times 1.5.
If we sum them up it is 2.5.
2.5 is greater than zero.
So the output will be plus 1.
So are was the conclusion that for DS now and never read a single hidden layer if the first input is
on the second input is 0 then the output will be plus warm.
So again it's the same when we were discussing.
Now all networks are without a hidden layer.
We just had to emptily are we to now roans and an output layer with a single now we're on it is the
same.
We have to sum up the incoming Sino-US we have to apply the activation function and so on and feedforward
and that work we start at the input layer and we keep feeding the information in the direction of the
next layer.
Then we keep feeding the information in the direction of the output layer.
This is how it works.
Thanks for watching.